# Defining Successful Videogames

## Project Summary
Over the last couple of years videogames have grown to become the largest industry in the entertainment sector, with it's projected worth being 145 billion dollars globally. A single game such as Minecraft can sell over 238 million copies while there are some that completely flop on release so it would undeniably beneficial to be able to uncover some sort of relationship between characteristics of a videogame and the sales that sales numbers generated by those titles.

## Data
The data for this analysis was sourced through Kaggle, the online data science community, and was compiled by user Gregory Smith and Rush Kirubi. Smith was the original creator of the dataset, having conducted a web scrape of VGChartz.com and recorded the data of videogames that sold more than 100,000 copies. Meanwhile, Kirubi expanded upon this dataset by conducting a webscrape of another entertainment review site, Metacritic. In doing so, the dataset grew to 16,719 entries with only 6,900 complete records. For this analysis, we chose to only use observations that have Metacritic and user scores recorded as those are the numbers re

## Variables
The 3 variables I selected for this initial analysis were genre, global sales, and Metacritic scores. Genre is a categorical variable that is given to a game to briefly describe what kind of gameplay you can expect. The global sales variable refers to the number of sales a game has generated, measured in the millions of units. Finally, the Metacritic score variable is a numerical value given to games by averaging the reviews of critics, weighting them based on the quality of the review and the reviewers stature and is measured on a scale of 0 to 100. 
